docs: update site doc to include `secret init` (#2347)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/developing/secrets.en.md

> Adding secrets currently requires you to store your secret as a secure string in [AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/systems-manager-parameter-store.html) (SSM), then add a reference to the SSM parameter to your [manifest](../manifest/overview.en.md). 

Reviewer: I know this wasn't you, but can we change this here to:
```suggestion
Adding secrets currently requires you to store your secret as a SecureString in [AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/systems-manager-parameter-store.html) (SSM), then add a reference to the SSM parameter to your [manifest](../manifest/overview.en.md). 
```

You can easily create secrets using [`copilot secret init`](https://aws.github.io/copilot-cli/docs/commands/secret-init/)! After creating the secrets, Copilot will tell you what your secrets' names are. You can then use the name to add the reference in your manifest. 

### Alternatively...

If you want to bring your own secrets, be sure to add two tags to your secrets - `copilot-application: <application from which you want to access the secret>` and 
`copilot-environment: <environment from which you want to access the secret>.`

Copilot requires the `copilot-application` and `copilot-environment` tags to limit access to this secret.  

> Suppose you have a (properly tagged!) SSM parameter named `GH_WEBHOOK_SECRET` with value `secretvalue1234`, you can modify your manifest file to pass in this value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose you have a (properly tagged!) SSM parameter named `GH_WEBHOOK_SECRET` with value `secretvalue1234`. You can modify your manifest file to pass in this value:
```

You can easily create secrets using [`copilot secret init`](https://aws.github.io/copilot-cli/docs/commands/secret-init/)! After creating the secrets, Copilot will tell you what your secrets' names are. You can then use the name to add the reference in your manifest. 

### Alternatively...

If you want to bring your own secrets, be sure to add two tags to your secrets - `copilot-application: <application from which you want to access the secret>` and 
`copilot-environment: <environment from which you want to access the secret>.`

Copilot requires the `copilot-application` and `copilot-environment` tags to limit access to this secret.  

Suppose you have a (properly tagged!) SSM parameter named `GH_WEBHOOK_SECRET` with value `secretvalue1234`, you can modify your manifest file to pass in this value:

```yaml
secrets:                      
  GITHUB_WEBHOOK_SECRET: GH_WEBHOOK_SECRET  
```

> Once you deploy this update in manifest, your service or job will be able to access the environment variable `GITHUB_WEBHOOK_SECRET`, which will have the value of the SSM parameter `GH_WEBHOOK_SECRET`, `secretvalue1234`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you deploy this updated manifest, your service or job will be able to access the environment variable `GITHUB_WEBHOOK_SECRET`, which will have the value of the SSM parameter `GH_WEBHOOK_SECRET`, `secretvalue1234`.
```

Copilot requires the `copilot-application` and `copilot-environment` tags to limit access to this secret.  

Next, we'll modify our manifest file to pass in this value:
Suppose you have a (properly tagged!) SSM parameter named `GH_WEBHOOK_SECRET` with value `secretvalue1234`, you can modify your manifest file to pass in this value:

```yaml
secrets:                      
  GITHUB_WEBHOOK_SECRET: GH_WEBHOOK_SECRET  
```

Once we deploy this update to our manifest, we'll be able to access the environment variable `GITHUB_WEBHOOK_SECRET` which will have the value of the SSM parameter `GH_WEBHOOK_SECRET`, `secretvalue1234`.
Once you deploy this update in manifest, your service or job will be able to access the environment variable `GITHUB_WEBHOOK_SECRET`, which will have the value of the SSM parameter `GH_WEBHOOK_SECRET`, `secretvalue1234`.

This works because ECS Agent will resolve the SSM parameter when it starts up your task, and set the environment variable for you. 
This works because ECS Agent will resolve the SSM parameter when it starts up your task, and set the environment variable for you.

!!! attention
    Secrets are not supported for Request-Driven Web Services.

> !!! info

Reviewer 2: YAY :D
